1.What are the advantages of bootstrap?
Ans.	1-Easy initiation. Coding is a hurricane task for a person who is unbeknownst to web development. ...
	2-Responsiveness. ...
	3-Highly customizable. ...
	4-Extremely user-centric. ...
	5-Top-notch support. ...
	6-Cross-browser compatibility. ...
	7-JavaScript plugins to your rescue. ...
	8-Far-reaching popularity.

2.What is bootstrap container,and how does it work?
Ans.	Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required 
	when using our default grid system. Containers are used to contain, pad, and 
	(sometimes) center the content within them.

3.What are the Deafult bootstrap setting.
Ans.	Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5.
	The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif.
	In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default). 

4.What do you know about the bootstrap Grid System?
Ans.	Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, 
	and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and
	is fully responsive. Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together.	

5.What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5.
Ans.	BASIS OF		BOOTSTRAP 4			BOOTSTRAP 5
	Grid System		It has 5 tier 			It has 6 tier 
				(xs, sm, md, lg, xl).		(xs, sm, md, lg, xl, xxl).
								
	Color			It has limited colors.		Extra colors added with the looks,
								A card improved color palette.
								there are various shades available to choose.
	
	Jquery			It has jquery and all 		Jquery is removed and
				related plugins.		switched to vanilla JS with some working plugins.

6.What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
Ans.	Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line.
	This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together.
	You can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin.
	This class is used for a basic button group.

7.How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Ans.	1.Add an <a> tag with the class of . thumbnail around an image.
	2.This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
	3.On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

8.In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Ans.	Flexbox is used to quickly manage the layout, alignment and sizing of grid columns,
	navigation, components, and more with a full suite of responsive flexbox utilities.
	You can also do complex implementations using custom CSS. Flexbox Properties: Enable flex behaviors.

9.How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Ans.	Bootstrap provides an easy way to create predefined 
	alert messages: × Success! This alert box indicates a successful or positive action. × Info! This alert box

10.What is bootstrap card and how would you crate one?
Ans.	A card is a flexible and extensible content container.
	It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content,
	contextual background colors, and powerful display options.
	If you're familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells,and thumbnails.